=pod

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::App::Command::dhmakeperl - use dh-make-perl to generate .deb archives from your CPAN package

=head1 VERSION

version 0.002

=head1 METHODS

=head2 abstract

=head2 opt_spec

=head2 validate_args

=head2 execute

=head1 NOTES

=over

=item *

http:E<sol>E<sol>bugs.debian.orgE<sol>cgi-binE<sol>bugreport.cgi?bug=683533 If you have
accidentally upgraded Makemaker you may apply this patch to fix the
perllocal.pod error.

=back

     --- ./Debian/Debhelper/Buildsystem/makefile.pm  2012-05-19 17:26:26.000000000 +0200
     +++ ./Debian/Debhelper/Buildsystem/makefile.pm.new      2012-08-01 15:53:41.000000000 +0200
     @@ -100,9 +100,9 @@
 
      sub install {
             my $this=shift;
             my $destdir=shift;
     -       $this->make_first_existing_target(['install'],
     +       $this->make_first_existing_target(['pure_install', 'install'],
                     "DESTDIR=$destdir",
                     "AM_UPDATE_INFO_DIR=no", @_);
      }

=over

=item *

The .deb archive is created using code in your current repository. It does not
use cpan2deb to pull CPAN code to create the .deb archive.

=item *

You must have dh-make-perl installed on your system to use this command. 

=item *

use sudo apt-get install dh-make-perl to install it on debian and ubuntu.

=item *

The .deb file will be created in the debuild folder, This should be added to
your .gitignore file.

=back

=for :stopwords cpan testmatrix url annocpan anno bugtracker rt cpants kwalitee diff irc mailto metadata placeholders metacpan

=head1 SUPPORT

=head2 Bugs / Feature Requests

Please report any bugs or feature requests through github at 
L<https://github.com/shantanubhadoria/dist-zilla-app-command-dhmakeperl/issues>.
You will be notified automatically of any progress on your issue.

=head2 Source Code

This is open source software.  The code repository is available for
public review and contribution under the terms of the license.

L<https://github.com/shantanubhadoria/dist-zilla-app-command-dhmakeperl>

  git clone git://github.com/shantanubhadoria/dist-zilla-app-command-dhmakeperl.git

=head1 AUTHOR

Shantanu Bhadoria <shantanu at cpan dott org>

=head1 CONTRIBUTOR

Shantanu <shantanu@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2013 by Shantanu Bhadoria.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

